adding changes to membership page (#1258)
carpentries/carpentries.org: pages/member_faq.md

* Titanium memberships are suited for organisations who do not need coordinated workshops or Instructor Training seats but would 
like to maintain their membership status, financially support The Carpentries, and connect with other Members. To be eligible for 
Titanium membership, organisations must have at least one prior year of membership.<br><br>
3. **What if those membership packages do not fit my institution’s needs?**<br>
We would be happy to talk with you to learn more about your institution’s goals and create a custom plan that works for you.  Contact our membership team to schedule a meeting at [membership@carpentries.org](mailto:membership@carpentries.org).

4. **Do I need to renew my membership each year?**<br>
Yes. The Carpentries memberships are annual memberships, extending for a period of one year. Renewing your membership in advance is a great way to avoid a lapse in membership. 

5. **What if I don't use all of my membership benefits?**<br>
We encourage you to use all of your benefits during your membership term. If there are unused benefits at the end of your membership term, and you 

> are renewing, we will carry over 50% of unused benefits (rounded up) to your new membership term.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are renewing, we will roll over 50% of unused benefits (rounded up) to your new membership term, on request.  
```

Reviewer: @maneesha - I don't seem to be able to commit this change. If you have the ability on your end, please add this change to the PR. Thanks.
